//operation::create_vacBoard[snippets='request-fields,curl-request,request-headers,http-response,response-headers,response-fields,links']
//
//operation::query-vacBoard-List[snippets='request-fields,curl-request,request-headers,http-response,response-headers,response-fields,links']
//
//operation::update-vacBoard[snippets='request-fields,curl-request,request-headers,http-response,response-headers,response-fields,links']

= API Document
Baeldung;
:doctype: book
:icons: font
:source-highlighter: highlightjs
:toc: left
:toclevels: 4
:sectlinks:

[[overview]]
= 소개
VaccineLife(슬기로운 백신 생활) API

[[overview-http-verbs]]
== HTTP verbs

[[overview-http-verbs]]
== 공통사항

|===
| 게시판 Entity | 설명

| `VacBoard`
| 백신 후기 게시판입니다. 백신 접종 유저만 작성이 가능합니다.

| `QuarBoard`
| 격리 후기 게시판입니다.

| `Medical`
| 의료진 분들께 응원의 메세지를 남길 수 있는 카드 형태의 게시판입니다.

|===


|===
| Status code | Usage

| `200 OK`
| The request completed successfully

| `201 Created`
| A new resource has been created successfully. The resource's URI is available from the response's
`Location` header

| `204 No Content`
| An update to an existing resource has been applied successfully

| `400 Bad Request`
| The request was malformed. The response body will include an error providing further information

| `404 Not Found`
| The requested resource did not exist
|===


[[resources]]
= Resources


== VacBoard Resource

=== 게시물 생성
게시물을 생성할 때 사용되는 리소스

==== Request

.Request Fields
include::{snippets}/vacBoard-create/request-fields.adoc[]

.Request HTTP Example
include::{snippets}/vacBoard-create/http-request.adoc[]

==== Response

.Response Fields
include::{snippets}/vacBoard-create/response-fields.adoc[]

.Response HTTP Example
include::{snippets}/vacBoard-create/http-response.adoc[]

.Links
include::{snippets}/vacBoard-create/links.adoc[]


=== 게시물 리스트 조회
게시물 목록을 요청할 때 사용되는 리소스.

==== Request

.Request Fields
include::{snippets}/vacBoard-query-List/request-body.adoc[]

.Request HTTP Example
include::{snippets}/vacBoard-query-List/http-request.adoc[]

==== Response

.Response Fields
include::{snippets}/vacBoard-query-List/response-fields.adoc[]

.Response HTTP Example
include::{snippets}/vacBoard-query-List/http-response.adoc[]

.Links
include::{snippets}/vacBoard-query-List/links.adoc[]



=== 게시물 단건 조회
게시물 하나를 요청할 때 사용되는 리소스.

==== Request

.Request Fields
include::{snippets}/vacBoard-query/request-body.adoc[]

.Request HTTP Example
include::{snippets}/vacBoard-query/http-request.adoc[]

==== Response

.Response Fields
include::{snippets}/vacBoard-query/response-fields.adoc[]

.Response HTTP Example
include::{snippets}/vacBoard-query/http-response.adoc[]


=== 게시물 수정
게시물 작성자가 수정시에 사용되는 리소스

==== Request

.Request Fields
include::{snippets}/vacBoard-update/request-fields.adoc[]

.Request HTTP Example
include::{snippets}/vacBoard-update/http-request.adoc[]

==== Response

.Response Fields
include::{snippets}/vacBoard-update/response-fields.adoc[]

.Response HTTP Example
include::{snippets}/vacBoard-update/http-response.adoc[]

.Links
include::{snippets}/vacBoard-update/links.adoc[]


== Comment Resource


=== 댓글 생성

==== Request

.Request Fields
include::{snippets}/comment-create-in-vacBoard/request-fields.adoc[]

.Request HTTP Example
include::{snippets}/comment-create-in-vacBoard/http-request.adoc[]

==== Response

.Response Fields
include::{snippets}/comment-create-in-vacBoard/response-fields.adoc[]

.Response HTTP Example
include::{snippets}/comment-create-in-vacBoard/http-response.adoc[]

.Links
include::{snippets}/comment-create-in-vacBoard/links.adoc[]


=== 댓글 리스트 조회

==== Request

.Request Fields
include::{snippets}/comment-query-list-in-vacBoard/request-body.adoc[]

.Request HTTP Example
include::{snippets}/comment-query-list-in-vacBoard/http-request.adoc[]

==== Response

.Response Fields
include::{snippets}/comment-query-list-in-vacBoard/response-fields.adoc[]

.Response HTTP Example
include::{snippets}/comment-query-list-in-vacBoard/http-response.adoc[]

== Mypage Resource

=== 백신게시판 작성글 리스트

==== Request

.Request Fields
include::{snippets}/mypage-vacBoard-List/request-body.adoc[]

.Request HTTP Example
include::{snippets}/mypage-vacBoard-List/http-request.adoc[]

==== Response

.Response Fields
include::{snippets}/mypage-vacBoard-List/response-fields.adoc[]

.Response HTTP Example
include::{snippets}/mypage-vacBoard-List/http-response.adoc[]


=== 격리게시판 작성글 리스트

==== Request

.Request Fields
include::{snippets}/mypage-quarBoard-list/request-body.adoc[]

.Request HTTP Example
include::{snippets}/mypage-quarBoard-List/http-request.adoc[]

==== Response

.Response Fields
include::{snippets}/mypage-quarBoard-List/response-fields.adoc[]

.Response HTTP Example
include::{snippets}/mypage-quarBoard-List/http-response.adoc[]

=== 의료진분들께 작성글 리스트

==== Request

.Request Fields
include::{snippets}/mypage-medical-list/request-body.adoc[]

.Request HTTP Example
include::{snippets}/mypage-medical-List/http-request.adoc[]

==== Response

.Response Fields
include::{snippets}/mypage-medical-List/response-fields.adoc[]

.Response HTTP Example
include::{snippets}/mypage-medical-List/http-response.adoc[]




